# **Phase 1 FAQs**

1.  **What if my Arena (PvP) win rate is <50%, would I still be profitable?**

    Short Answer: **Yes**, but longer.

    Additional details to support the answer: Your Rooster has 45 Days to Produce 5 $Gallonium/day which you can use in PvP to fight more. Furthermore, even if you lose most of your fights but $GWIT price shoots up then you would still be in profit!

    You can also dedicate time (grind-mode) to reach Tiers that give out hefty Seasonal Rewards!

2.  **Is there a limit to the number of PvP fights per day?**

    Short Answer: **No**, Battle On!

    Additional details to support the answer: You can use up your $Gallonium and still be able to participate in the 0 $Gallonium Fights!

3.  **Is there a limit to the number of times I can fight in the Adventure Mode?**

    Short Answer: **No**, win or lose you can keep fighting - let the GRIND begin!

    Additional details to support the answer: However, you can only finish the Adventure mode once per Rooster, winning will move you to the next level. Finished levels cannot be repeated.

4.  **What happens to my 5 $Gallonium per day if unused?**

    Short Answer: The unused 5 $Gallonium will reset on a daily basis

    Additional details to support the answer: $Gallonium obtained from winning will be stored in the rooster's vault, and will not be deducted in any way.

5.  **Would Training my Rooster count as $Gallonium usage?**

    Short Answer: **Yes**

    Additional details to support the answer: You still need to use all daily $Gallonium for training or PvP. The same rules apply if you don’t use daily $Gallonium, or fail to use it all up.

6.  **Can I finish the Adventure mode without training my Rooster?**

    Short answer: **Yes**, but it would be very difficult

7.  **If I finish the Adventure Mode only, can I do it again?**

    Short answer: **No**, that would break the game econoomy by continously giving out free rewards in the adventure mode. However, the team will continuously add challenging levels as the game develops!
